COPYRIGHT

(c) 1998-2001 Francois Desarmenien owns the copyright for Parse::Yapp
(c) 2006-2007 Parse::Eyapp by Casiano Rodriguez-Leon
Parse::Eyapp uses and modifies all the files in the Parse::Yapp 1.05
distribution.

IMPORTANT NOTES

The main sources of documentations are  Parse::Eyapp (Reference guide) and 
Parse::Eyapp::eyapptut (a tutorial).
Have a look at the tests, they can help you. 
Not all the examples in the examples/ directory work.

The eyapp frontend has its own documentation using either 'perldoc eyapp'
or (on systems with man pages) 'man eyapp'.

The trereg frontend to Parse::Eyapp::Treeregexp has its own documentation 
using either 'perldoc treereg' or (on systems with man pages) 'man treereg'.

Any help on improving those documentations is very welcome.

DESCRIPTION

This is alpha release 1.06 of the Parse::Eyapp parser generator.

Parse::Eyapp (Extended yapp) is a collection of modules
that extends Francois Desarmenien Parse::Yapp 1.05.
Eyapp extends yacc/yapp syntax with
functionalities line named attributes,
EBNF-like expressiones, modifiable default action,
automatic syntax tree building,
semi-automatic abstract syntax tree building,
translation schemes, tree regular expressions,
tree transformations, scope analysis, support,
directed acyclic graphs and a few more.

REQUIREMENTS

Requires perl5.6 or higher

You nee the following modules:

                     List::MoreUtils 
                     List::Util  
                     Data::Dumper
                     Pod::Usage 

The last three belong to the core of recent Perl distributions.
Some of the tests make use of:

Test::Exception
Test::Warning
Test::Pod

The tests related with those modules are skipped if you haven't installed
those modules. 


If you decide to install Test::Warn be aware that
Test::Warn depends on  Array::Compare. My experience is that you must 
install Array::Compare by hand first (i.e. perl Makefile.PL; make; make test; make install)
and then go to install Test::Warn.

INSTALLATION

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test
make install

LEARNING TO USE IT

- Make a local copy of the examples/ directory in this distribution
- Probably it will be also a good idea to make a copy of the tests in the t/ directory.
  They also illustrate the use of Eyapp
- Print eyapptut.pdf and Eyapp.pdf.
- Consider saving also the files eyapp.html and eyapptut.html
- Read eyapptut.pdf first

WARRANTY

This software comes with absolutly NO WARRANTY of any kind. 
I just hope it can be useful.

FEEDBACK

Send feedback, comments and bugs to:

Casiano Rodriguez-Leon <casiano@ull.es>

COPYRIGHT 
(C) 2006-2007 by Casiano Rodriguez-Leon

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.6 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
